\chapimg{Discount\_Bees}{\includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{art/Discount_Bees-The_Barn.jpg}}
\chapauth{Ben Biddick}
\chapter{The Barn}

The barn had stood for one hundred years and had been abandoned since
the horrid tragedy that had happened there ninety-nine years ago.

Jonathan Edwards leaned the pitchfork against the hay and wiped the
sweat from his brow. The summer of 1891. Jonathan was a hard working
farmer of rural Wisconsin and had been all of his life. He liked to
work. His doctors had told him to watch the work because of his heart,
but Jonathan ignored the warning and just kept on with the farmer's
terribly hard work.

Jonathan worked his way up to the hay mow and sat down when he reached
the top. Movement caught his eye and by reflex his neck turned. It was
Jonathan's son, Billy.

``Hi, Daddy,'' Billy smiled.

``Hi there, Squirt, wanna help me?''

``Ya,'' Billy said with an enthusiastic smile.

Billy was five and his dad was his biggest hero.

The young boy walked to the specially made staircase that his father had
made for him and began to walk up. Jonathan put a hand out to assist
Billy but was suddenly overtaken by chest pain. A heart attack had a
hold of Jonathan. Billy's smile quickly turned to a frown as he heard
his father's shoulder snap and crack with the impact on the rim and
ledge of the mow and staircase. Billy's neck exploded with blood vessels
popping out.as he screamed for his father. In a matter of seconds,
Billy's dad would be killed as he fell on the upturned pitchfork.

``Dad!'' Billy screamed again.

This couldn't be happening. Jonathan twisted in the air as he fell,
falling with his back to the ground.

``Son,'' he choked in the air.

His arm was outstretched as if to block the sight that would take away
Billy's innocence.

Jonathan landed on the pitchfork with a terrible force and made a
grotesque sound that would make his son puke. Four small rusted spikes
tore up through Jonathan's chest. Jonathan's overalls began to turn rust
with the presence of gushing blood. Jonathan's arms moved back and forth
as he was suspended a pitchfork's height off the ground, making it sway
forward. Jonathan's feet hit the ground at a diagonal angle but had no
muscle in them---there was too much pain. Jonathan felt his buttocks hit
the floor next, shifting the pitchfork inside of him to tear more organs
and tissue. It made a terrible sound that resembled a burp. Jonathan
arched his neck to look at his boy and opened his mouth as to say
something. His larynx was interrupted from making any vibrations as a
waterfall of blood lifted through it and out Jonathan's mouth.

Billy felt his stomach tighten and push. Putrid smelling vomit emitted
from the boy's mouth and nose into the air toward the wriggling man on
the ground below. It splattered on the chest of the dying man and mixed
in with the blood with the stench of death.

Billy was later found insane. Two months later, he was found hanging.

\begin{figure}[b]
  \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{art/necroid-putrid_smelling_vomit.jpg}
  \caption{{\em Putrid smelling vomit emitted\ldots} by necroid}
\end{figure}
