\chapauth{JuicedSixFo}
\chapter{Haunted Alley}

As I stepped into the gloomy lights of 98th Avenue, I knew a grisly
death had taken place. My Beretta was calmly rested in my calm hands,
and my senses were very aware. I am Luke Bavarious and I like my work:
private detection. People had called the police station to complain
about a mysterious man who had been seen in the area. The only clue to
the whereabouts of this enigmatic man was that he always whistled the
old tune ``I venture down the path.''

Suddenly, I heard a noise behind me. Gritting my teeth, I pulled up my
Beretta pistol, looking for the source of that haunting noise, which
sounded like the wailing of a damned soul. On the ground in front of me
was a corpse. Its hands reached out in front of it, like it was clawing
at a unsurpassable foe. ``Damn it,'' I thought. ``Another monster for
Bavarious to confront. Are the rest of you all cowards?''

I knew this case was going to be hard. I've had chicks try to opposition
me, and gang leaders try to buy me off. It never worked on Luke
Bavarious. But, this horrid monster certainly could spell my doom.

I could feel the evil pervading of the demonic entity. I gritted my
teeth to hold back the vomit when I saw it. It was a beast of ultimate
horror. Pulsating, writhing nodes pulsed everywhere on its putrid
skin. One eyeball hung limply by its optic nerve. The other eye was just
a bullet hole. Huge mounds of puss and scabs were everywhere on it. It
began to whistle that old tune, ``I venture down the path.''

I brought up my Beretta 9mm and aimed it at the thing's horrid head. It
gargled a snarl, and then began to charge at me.

I had no choice.

I had to commence my brutality.

I emptied the entire clip into the demon's body. Crimson blood
splattered on the things clothes and smeared against the sidewalk. It
was whispering something. Leaning in close to the pulverized lump of
flesh and cartilage, I heard it whisper a name, ``Davix Rogue.''

I knew this case was just about to get interesting.

\illustration{Part of Everything}{Davix}{art/Part_of_Everything-Davix.png}

